Add documentation for storage classes (#153)
purestorage/helm-charts: docs/custom-storageclasses.md

# Using StorageClasses with Pure Service Orchestrator

***NOTE THAT THIS ONLY APPLIES TO THE CSI VERSION OF PSO***

> PSO creates persistent volumes within the federated storage pool of backend appliances defined using criteria defined in the storageClass used to request the persistent volume.

Reviewer: Maybe we should give a quick description of StorageClasses and what they can be used for? Something like:
> `StorageClasses` allow administrators to define various storage configurations to provide high availability, serve quality-of-service requirements, tune file system options, define backup policies, and more. PSO utilizes these `StorageClasses` to decide where to provision volumes and how to make the file system.

Author: Good idea. Will add this

> ## Provided storageClasses

Author: I struggled with this one. I will use `StorageClass` where it is a specific phrades. but I don't like `StorageClasses` and would prefer to use "storage classes", because the former is not a key word in k8s. 
I'll go through and clean this up.

> As part of the installation of PSO three storage classes are created which can be used to simply create persistent volumes on a file or a block backend device within the federated storage pool using all the default settings PSO has provided.

Reviewer: [nit] 
```suggestion
As part of the installation of PSO, three `StorageClasses` are created which can be used to simply create persistent volumes on a file or a block backend device within the federated storage pool. These persistent volumes will use all the default settings PSO has provided.
```

Author: Done

Two of these are called `pure-file` and `pure-block` and, as their names suggest, they will create persistent volumes from the block providing or file providing backends within the federated pool of backend devices. At all times the load-balancing algorithm within PSO will ensure that the persistent volume is created on the most appropriate backend given the block or file requirement, even if there are multiple block or file providing appliances in the pool.

> The third storageClass is simply called `pure`. This is provided primarily as a legacy class to provide backwards capability with early PSO releases. By default this storage class uses block storage appliances to provision block-based persistent volumes, however, this can be modified in the PSO configuration `values.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third `StorageClass` is simply called `pure`. This is provided primarily as a legacy class to provide backwards capability with early PSO releases. By default this storage class uses block storage appliances to provision block-based persistent volumes. However, this can be modified in the PSO configuration `values.yaml`.
```

## Default storageClass

Within the PSO configuration file is a setting to enable the pure storageClass as the default storageClass for the Kubernetes cluster. To enable pure as the default storageClass set the following parameter in `values.yaml`

```yaml
  storageClass:
    isPureDefault: true
```

> As mentioned above the 'pure' storage class uses block-based backend appliances to provision persistent volumes from. It is possible to change this default setting to use file-backed appliances from the pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned above, the 'pure' `StorageClass` uses block-based backend appliances to provision persistent volumes from. It is possible to change this default setting to use file-backed appliances from the pool.
```

You may wish to do this if you only have FlashBlades in your PSO configuration, as these can only provide file-based persistent volumes.

To change the backend type used by the pure storageClass to file rather than block, uncomment the following line within the values.yaml configuration file:

```yaml
  pureBackend: file
```

## Creating your own Storage Classes for PSO to use

With the increasing options available to configure the persistent volumes supported by PSO it may be necessary to create additional storage classes that will use PSO to provide specific configurations of persistent volume.

> For example, if you wish to provide raw block volumes (shortly to be supported by PSO) then you will need to request these from a `storageClass` that knows how to do this. Alternatively, you may have a requirement for some block-based persistent volumes to be formatted with the `btfs` filesystem rather than the default `xfs` file system provided by PSO through the pure-block storageClass, or the default Kubernetes filesystem of `ext4`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you wish to provide raw block volumes (shortly to be supported by PSO) then you will need to request these from a `StorageClass` that knows how to do this. Alternatively, you may have a requirement for some block-based persistent volumes to be formatted with the `btfs` file system rather than the default `xfs` file system provided by PSO through the pure-block `StorageClass`, or the default Kubernetes file system of `ext4`.
```

Author: Done

[**NOTE:** Pure does not recommend using `ext4` as a filesystem for persistent volumes in containers]

With the addition of [per volume filesystem options](docs/csi-filesystem-options.md), the ability to use a different storageClass for different requirements becomes critical.

To create a storageClass that will use PSO use the following template and modify as required for your custom storage class.

```yaml
  kind: StorageClass
  apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
  metadata:
    name: <your storageClass name>
    labels:
      kubernetes.io/cluster-service: "true"
  provisioner: pure-csi
  parameters:
```

Within the `parameters` section is where you add your own custom settings. More details of some of the options available to use in the parameters section can be found [here](docs/csi-filesystems-options.md)

Once you have created your `storageClass` definition in a YAML file, create it in Kubernetes using the command

```bash
kubectl apply -f <storageclassdefinition>.yaml
```

> If you wish to ensure your new `stoaregClass` is the default class then add the following into the metadata section of the definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to ensure your new `StorageClass` is the default class then add the following into the metadata section of the definition:
```

# Using StorageClasses with Pure Service Orchestrator

***NOTE THAT THIS ONLY APPLIES TO THE CSI VERSION OF PSO***

PSO creates persistent volumes within the federated storage pool of backend appliances defined using criteria defined in the `StorageClass` used to request the persistent volume.

## What is a `StorageClass`

> A `StorageClass` allow administrators to define various storage configurations to provide high availability, serve quality-of-service requirements, tune file system options, define backup policies, and more. PSO utilizes these storage classes to decide where to provision volumes and how to make the file system.

Reviewer 2: Since the `StorageClass` is not invented by us, can we add the reference link here? https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/

Author: Done

The third `StorageClass` is simply called `pure`. This is provided primarily as a legacy class to provide backwards capability with early PSO releases. By default this storage class uses block storage appliances to provision block-based persistent volumes, however, this can be modified in the PSO configuration `values.yaml`.

## Default `StorageClass`

Within the PSO configuration file is a setting to enable the `pure` `StorageClass` as the default class for the Kubernetes cluster. To enable `pure` as the default class set the following parameter in `values.yaml`

```yaml
  storageClass:
    isPureDefault: true
```

As mentioned above, the `pure` class uses block-based backend appliances to provision persistent volumes from. It is possible to change this default setting to use file-backed appliances from the pool.

You may wish to do this if you only have FlashBlades in your PSO configuration, as these can only provide file-based persistent volumes.

> To change the backend type used by the pure storageClass to file rather than block, uncomment the following line within the values.yaml configuration file:

Reviewer 2: should be `storageClass` here.

Author: Fixed

```yaml
  pureBackend: file
```

## Creating your own Storage Classes for PSO to use

With the increasing options available to configure the persistent volumes supported by PSO it may be necessary to create additional storage classes that will use PSO to provide specific configurations of persistent volume.

> For example, if you wish to provide raw block volumes (shortly to be supported by PSO) then you will need to request these from a `StorageClass` that knows how to do this. Alternatively, you may have a requirement for some block-based persistent volumes to be formatted with the `btfs` file system rather than the default `xfs` file system provided by PSO through the `pure-block` `StorageClass``, or the default Kubernetes filesystem of `ext4`

Reviewer 2: `, or the default Kubernetes filesystem of ` quotation is not correct.

Author: Fixed
